mover device ID a mejora tu aprobación (#1046)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/manage-account/account/payment-rejections.en.md

}
```

## Tips to improve the approval process

To prevent real payments being rejected by security non-compliance, you must add as much information as you can while performing an operation.

> We can help you detect unusual client behaviour with our security code or Device ID, created to prevent fraud. And don’t worry, we take care of your customers data and we won't share it with anyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can help you detect unusual client behaviour with our security code and Device ID, created to prevent fraud. And don’t worry, we take care of your customers data and we won't share it with anyone.
```

>
> In case of unavailable value for a section, left empty.

> ### Device ID deployment on your web

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Implement the Device ID in your site
--

```

> To deploy the device on your website, you must add the following code to your checkout:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy the device on your website, you must add the following code:
```

```html
<script src="https://www.mercadopago.com/v2/security.js" view="checkout"></script>
```

> When creating a payment, it’s important to send the `device_id` generated by this code to your server and add the following header to the request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It’s important to send the `device_id` generated by this code to your server. When creating a payment, add the following header to the request:
```

```http
X-meli-session-id: device_id
```

> **You can obtain the `device_id` in two ways:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### You can obtain the Device ID in two ways:
```

> A global javascript variable is automatically created `MP_DEVICE_SESSION_ID` with the value ` device_id`. If you prefer that we assign it to another variable, indicate the name by adding the attribute `output`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A global javascript variable is automatically created `MP_DEVICE_SESSION_ID` with the value ` device_id`. If you prefer that we assign it to another variable, indicate the name by adding the attribute `output`.
```

```html
<script src="https://www.mercadopago.com/v2/security.js" view="checkout" output="deviceId"></script>
````

> If you want your own variable, you can add an HTML tag on your site with the identificator `id =" deviceId "` and the code will automatically assign the value `device_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want your own variable, you can add an HTML tag on your site with the identificator `id =" deviceId "` and the code will automatically assign the value `device_id`.
```

```html
<input type="hidden" id="deviceId">
```

> ### Device ID deployment on your native mobile application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Implement the Device ID in your native mobile application
--

```

> If you have a native application, you can capture the device information with our SDK and send it when creating the token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a native application, you can capture the device information with our SDK and send it when creating the token. Follow these steps:
```

#### 1. Add dependency

[[[

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```ios
===
Add the following code in the **Podfile** file.
===
use_frameworks!
pod ‘MercadoPagoDevicesSDK’
```
```android
===
Add the following code in the **build.gradle** file.
===
dependencies {
   implementation 'com.mercadolibre.android.device:sdk:1.0.0'
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

]]]

#### 2. Initialize module

[[[

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```swift
===
We recommend initializing it in the _didFinishLaunchingWithOptions_ event of the _AppDelegate_.
===
import MercadoPagoDevicesSDK
...
func application(_ application: UIApplication, didFinishLaunchingWithOptions launchOptions: [UIApplication.LaunchOptionsKey: Any]?) -> Bool {
        ...        
        MercadoPagoDevicesSDK.shared.execute()
        ...
}
```
```objective-c
===
We recommend initializing it in the _didFinishLaunchingWithOptions_ event of the _AppDelegate_.
===
@import ‘MercadoPagoDevicesSDK’;
...
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions {
    ...
    [[MercadoPagoDevicesSDK shared] execute];
    ...
}
```
```java
===
We recommend initializing it in the _MainApplication_ class.
===
import com.mercadolibre.android.devices.sdk.DeviceSDK;

DeviceSDK.getInstance().execute(this);
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

]]]

#### 3. Capture information

Execute one of these functions to obtain the information in the format that you prefer.

[[[

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```swift
MercadoPagoDevicesSDK.shared.getInfo() // Returns a Codable Device Object
MercadoPagoDevicesSDK.shared.getInfoAsJson() // Returns a JSON Library Data Object
MercadoPagoDevicesSDK.shared.getInfoAsJsonString() // Returns a JSON String
MercadoPagoDevicesSDK.shared.getInfoAsDictionary() // Returns a Dictionary<String,Any>
```
```objective-c
[[[MercadoPagoDevicesSDK] shared] getInfoAsJson] // Returns a JSON Library Data Object
[[[MercadoPagoDevicesSDK] shared] getInfoAsJsonString] // Returns a JSON String
[[[MercadoPagoDevicesSDK] shared] getInfoAsDictionary] // Returns a Dictionary<String,Any>
```
```java
Device device = DeviceSDK.getInstance().getInfo() // Returns a Serializable Device Object
Map deviceMap = DeviceSDK.getInstance().getInfoAsMap()  // Returns a Map<String, Object>
String jsonString = DeviceSDK.getInstance().getInfoAsJsonString() // Returns a JSON String
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>
> In case of unavailable value for a section, left empty.

### Implement the Device ID in your site

> --

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To deploy the device on your website, you must add the following code:

```html
<script src="https://www.mercadopago.com/v2/security.js" view="checkout"></script>
```

It’s important to send the `device_id` generated by this code to your server. When creating a payment, add the following header to the request:

```http
X-meli-session-id: device_id
```

#### You can obtain the Device ID in two ways:

- A global javascript variable is automatically created `MP_DEVICE_SESSION_ID` with the value ` device_id`. If you prefer that we assign it to another variable, indicate the name by adding the attribute `output`.

```html
<script src="https://www.mercadopago.com/v2/security.js" view="checkout" output="deviceId"></script>
````

- If you want your own variable, you can add an HTML tag on your site with the identificator `id =" deviceId "` and the code will automatically assign the value `device_id`.

```html
<input type="hidden" id="deviceId">
```

### Implement the Device ID in your native mobile application

> --

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
